MPP-55: Test more emails outside of SNS notifications (#3937)
mozilla/fx-private-relay: emails/tests/fixtures/README.md

# Email test fixtures

These fixtures are used in `emails/tests/views_tests.py`

## Incoming Emails

Incoming Email fixtures come in two varieties. The original fixtures capture the [SNS][]
Delivery [notification JSON][] representing an incoming email. The newer fixtures are
the raw incoming emails.

> Both fixtures have related fixtures for the expected output email.

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): I didn't understand this at first glance. Maybe this?
```suggestion
Every incoming email fixture has a corresponding fixture for the expected output email.
```

  list, would be blocked by "block promotions" setting.
- `spamVerdict_FAIL_email_sns_body.json` - Email that AWS identified as spam

[DMARC]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DMARC

### Incoming Emails as raw emails

These fixtures were created outside of an SNS notification, such as exporting from a
mail client. They are stored in the [Internet Message Format][] (IMF).

- `inline_image_incoming.email` - Contains an inline image, referenced in the HTML by
  content ID
- `plain_text_incoming.email` - A simple email with only plain text content
- `russian_spam_incoming.email` - Contains UTF-8 encoded headers, Base64-encoded content

[Internet Message Format]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5322

### Expected output email

> There are related fixtures for the expected output email. They are stored in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are related fixtures for the expected output email. They are stored in the
```

[Opendiff]: https://keith.github.io/xcode-man-pages/opendiff.1.html

## Bounce notifications

Some fixtures represent SNS Bounce notifications:

- `hard_bounce_sns_body.json` - A hard bounce. Re-trying will not fix the issue.
- `soft_bounce_sns_body.json` - A soft bounce. Re-trying may fix the issue.
- `spam_bounce_sns_body.json` - A soft bounce. Sending with different content may work.

## Other notifications

This SNS notification is not handled by our system. It is included to test how our

> system handles unknown notifications.

Reviewer: praise: nice additional info!
